Update gdallocationinfo.rst to mention integer conversion (#9307)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdallocationinfo.rst

The pixel selected is requested by x/y coordinate on the command line, or read
from stdin. More than one coordinate pair can be supplied when reading

> coordinates from stdin. By default pixel/line coordinates are expected.
> Fractions will be converted to integers. I.e., "5.1 3.2" is read as "5 3".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coordinates from stdin. By default integer pixel/line coordinates are expected.
```
